# LeTourneux_et_al_code_data_private_for_review
This repository contains all code needed to reproduce analyses of LeTourneux et al., manuscript entitled "Evidence for seasonal compensation of hunting mortalities in a long-lived migratory bird.". Data for all scripts and to reproduce all figures is provided in the repository. The compiled capture-recapture dataset to reproduce the E-surge analyses will be made available upon acceptation of the paper for publication.

All capture-mark-recapture analyses were conducted in the software E-SURGE and all figures and some analyses to generate the figures were made with R. The script to generate figures from E-SURGE model results are present in R scripts. There is one script for the figures in the main text, and then each appendix has its own stand alone script for the figures. E-SURGE model output files are named in a self-explanatory way, e.g., "M6_this_study.csv" contains parameter estimates from model M6 of this study in a csv2 file. Parameter estimates are on the [0-1] scale, and are provided along with their SE and 95% confidence intervals. For files containing betas, betas are provided on the real scale along with their SEs and 95% confidence intervals. Some files also contain model outputs from LeTourneux et al. 2022 J. Appl. Ecol. (doi: 10.1111/1365-2664.14268), for means of comparison.

The code for our most parsimonious E-surge model is provided in the file "E-Surge_code_model_M10.docx". Some basic knowledge of E-Surge is needed to fit the model, however, a detailed explanation is given on how to set the initial values as this step is not intuitive.

